{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Baskerville Old Face;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Georgia;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb160\sl288\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs42\b0\i0 C}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 OMIC }{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 S}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 CRIPT }{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 F}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 ORMAT}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 About This Template}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 When compiled (File > Compile), this project will generate a script suitable for comics and graphic novels. There is no industry standard for comic scripting, so this template was created by comics writer }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.antonyjohnston.com"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Antony Johnston}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 , based on his own Final Draft template:}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.antonyjohnston.com/resources/forwriters.php"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.antonyjohnston.com/resources/forwriters.php}}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Antony has also written an article for his website, demonstrating how he uses Scrivener and this template:}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.antonyjohnston.com/articles/scriveningcomics.php"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.antonyjohnston.com/articles/scriveningcomics.php}}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Antony\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s original Final Draft template was designed in partnership with Andy Diggle, whose own template could equally serve as a basis for your own Scrivener comic script format:}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://andydiggle.blogspot.com/2006/07/final-draft-for-comics.html"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 http://andydiggle.blogspot.com/2006/07/final-draft-for-comics.html}}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Or, you could create an entirely new template that fits the way you work, using Format > Script Settings\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85 to completely customise the script template.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 How To Use This Template}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Title Page}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A document entitled \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Title Page\u8221\'94 is placed at the top of the Draft (\u8220\'93Comic Script\u8221\'94) folder. This is used to hold the title, by-line and your name and address. Be sure to change the information in this document as appropriate.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Story Pages}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Pages are represented by text documents in the Comic Script folder. Upon compile for export or print, a page break is inserted between them.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 For convenience, a \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Story Pages\u8221\'94 folder has been provided to hold the script pages, although this isn\u8217\'92t necessary\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 you can delete the \u8220\'93Story Pages\u8221\'94 folder and keep the pages on the same level as the \u8220\'93Title Page\u8221\'94 document if you prefer; this will have no effect on the completed document.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Each \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Page\u8221\'94 can contain numerous panels, followed by the description text and dialogue for that panel.}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 To create new pages, you can go to the Projects menu and select New From Template > Comic Page or click the drop-down arrow beside the green \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Add\u8221\'94 toolbar button to select the \u8220\'93Comic Page\u8221\'94 document type from New From Template. This will create a new document based on the \u8220\'93Comic Page\u8221\'94 template (which can be found in the \u8220\'93Template\u8221\'94 folder).}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Page Header}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Make sure you edit the page header in the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Page Settings\u8221\'94 pane of the Compile sheet before exporting or printing.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Exporting and Printing}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 To print or export your script, go to File > Compile\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85 and choose either \u8220\'93Print\u8221\'94 or the format to which you wish to export from the \u8220\'93Compile For\u8221\'94 pop-up menu. The PDF document in the Research folder was created by compiling to PDF. You can also export to a word processor (using rich text RTF or .doc format, for instance) or to Final Draft for final formatting. To export to Final Draft, select \u8220\'93Final Draft (.fdx)\u8221\'94 as the export format in the Compile sheet.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 About the Styles Used}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 This template contains the most common styles used for comics: Page Number, Panel Number, Panel Description, Character, Dialogue and Parenthetical.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Page Number appears only once for each page, at the top of the document. Pressing TAB after typing will insert the <$N> character string, which will be replaced with sequential numbering upon compile and so allows you to auto-number your pages.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Panel Number is used to denote a single panel of comic art on the page. Press TAB after typing to insert the <$sn> string, which will auto-number your panels within each page during the Compile process. Press ENTER to automatically put the text into Panel Description mode.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Panel Description is used to describe the image within each panel of art. Multiple paragraphs of Panel Description text can be used in a panel description. Therefore, press ENTER after typing to keep the text in Panel Description mode. To enter Character mode, press TAB either after typing, or while on a blank line.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Character denotes a speaking character within a panel, and precedes their dialogue. Press ENTER to put the text into Dialogue mode. Press TAB to make notes on lettering style for the dialogue that follows, e.g. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Large\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Small\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Jagged\u8221\'94, or \u8220\'93Off\u8221\'94 (useful for when a speaking character is not visible in panel). These notes are usually made in parentheses, so in this template a left parenthesis (i.e. the \u8220\'93(\u8221\'94 character) is automatically inserted after the character\u8217\'92s name, and the auto-complete library for this style contains text with closed parentheses. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Caption boxes are regarded as dialogue, and so \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93CAPTION\u8221\'94 should be used in place of a character name, followed by the text to appear in the box.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Sound effects are similarly denoted with \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93SFX\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 If a panel is completely silent (i.e. has no dialogue, caption or sound effect) then a character of \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93NO DIALOGUE\u8221\'94 should be entered, ending the panel.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Dialogue is the speech of each character. Dialogue is not broken up into true paragraphs. Therefore, press ENTER to move the text back into Panel Description mode. If you wish to break a long section of dialogue into multiple balloons, press TAB to enter Parenthetical mode.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Parenthetical is used to link together multiple dialogue balloons spoken by the same character in a single panel. Simply type \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93cont\u8221\'94 and hit either TAB or ENTER; parentheses will automatically be placed around the \u8220\'93cont\u8221\'94 text, and the text will return to Dialogue mode on a new line.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Other lettering notes can also be made in the parentheticals after the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93cont\u8221\'94 text, e.g. \u8220\'93cont, small\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93cont, jagged\u8221\'94. Lettering notes that affect the entire dialogue should be made on the Character line, as noted above.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Sample Document}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 See the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Comic Script\u8221\'94 PDF file in the Research folder for an example of a document that has been created using this template, and to see a short sample of how a comic script using Antony\u8217\'92s format should look.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Final Note}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template and you can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using File > Save As Template.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you to Antony Johnston for contributing this template!}}