{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Baskerville Old Face;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Georgia;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb160\sl288\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs42\b0\i0 S}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 TAGE }{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 P}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 LAY }{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 (UK}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 F}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 ORMAT}{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 )}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 About This Template}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 When compiled (File > Compile), this project will generate a script in the standard format for UK stage plays. Please see the following PDF document by Matt Carless on the BBC Script Smart website for a description of the expected format:}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/writersroom/scripts/stage.pdf"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/writersroom/scripts/stage.pdf}}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 How To Use This Template}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Edit the Title Page document to ensure it contains the correct information.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Create a new text document for each scene and, if you wish, new act folders to hold them. You can give act folders and scene documents any titles you like, as the titles are not used in the final document.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Each scene should have \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Page Break Before\u8221\'94 set in the inspector, because each scene and act should start on a new page.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Ensure you are in script mode (Format > Scriptwriting > Script Mode) when typing your scenes. (When in script mode, the footer bar will show the script elements instead of the word and character count, and the document icon in the binder will be yellowish.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 When typing dialogue, do not enter the colon after the character name. Instead, just hit the tab key\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the colon will be inserted for you. You can add names to the character element\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s auto-complete list so that you don\u8217\'92t have to keep typing them out. To do this, open Format > Scriptwriting > Script Settings\u8230\'85 and select the Character & Dialogue element from the list on the left, then click the Auto-Complete tab and use the \u8220\'93+\u8221\'94 button to add new words.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 If you use the scene heading auto-completion \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93ACT [N] SCENE [N]\u8221\'94, be sure to fill in the proper act and scene numbers using Roman numerals for acts and Arabic numerals for scenes.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 To continue dialogue after typing scene action between lines of speech, hit the tab key at the end of your scene action paragraph rather than hitting return.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Characters, Settings and Notes folders have been set up for you, which you can use however you wish\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 or you can delete them and create different folders to organise your project. (These are just regular folders that have had custom icons assigned to them using the Documents > Change Icon feature.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Compile your manuscript for printing by selecting File > Compile.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Sample Document}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 See the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sample Script\u8221\'94 PDF file in the Research folder for an example of a script that has been created using this template.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Final Note}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template and you can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using File > Save As Template.}}