{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Georgia;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red147\green180\blue172;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs42\b0\i0 R}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 ECIPE}{\f1\fs42\b0\i0  C}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 OLLECTION}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb160\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b0\i0 Contributed by Jennifer Hughes}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 About This Template}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The Recipe Collection template is designed to help you organise your personal recipe collection by providing a binder structure, adjusted meta-data, and a simple compile format. Check out the two }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://b4550e5a-d0d7-4b93-aa30-4932296d7ed6"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 sample}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://4ce4e559-680c-49a0-88a6-8cde202309a2"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 recipes}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  to see the pieces in action and don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t be afraid to tweak the template to fit your needs.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 The Binder}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The folder hierarchy in the Binder categorises recipes in a fairly cookbook-traditional method under the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Recipes\u8221\'94 folder. Most folder titles are self-explanatory, so they have no synopsis card. Feel free to add or delete categories as makes sense to you and the sort of recipes you collect\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 for instance, you may wish to divide \u8220\'93Sauces & Salsas\u8221\'94 into \u8220\'93sweet\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93savoury\u8221\'94 sections or add more specific categories to the \u8220\'93Desserts\u8221\'94 group. If you don\u8217\'92t bake bread, just delete that whole folder and reduce your Binder clutter.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 While the top section of the Binder catalogues the recipes, the bottom section is meant to house \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Resources\u8221\'94 that provide useful references when cooking and baking, such as the included Measurements & Equivalents document.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The recipe collection is created by default in Scrivener\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Draft folder (renamed \u8220\'93Recipes\u8221\'94) so that it can be compiled to various formats. This means you will not be able to store non-text items such as imported web pages and PDFs in this section but will need to import web page as plain-text or copy and paste text into Draft documents. If you prefer, you can move the entire recipe collection outside the Draft folder, allowing it to hold any file type at all. To do this, load the \u8220\'93Recipes\u8221\'94 folder in the Outliner, select all in the editor, and choose Documents > Group to create a new container folder. Name this \u8220\'93Recipes\u8221\'94 or whatever you\u8217\'92d like to call it, then in the binder drag it out from the original \u8220\'93Recipes\u8221\'94 (Draft) folder to make it a root-level folder. (You can also do this easily by selecting the folder and using the Ctrl+LeftArrow shortcut.) Right-click the new \u8220\'93Recipes\u8221\'94 folder and choose \u8220\'93Change Icon\u8221\'94 if you\u8217\'92d like to give it a unique icon.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Rating}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Rate your recipes with one to five stars or mark them as still \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93untried.\u8221\'94 For non-recipe documents, leave blank. (New documents are blank by default.)}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Time}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Adapted from the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.literatureandlatte.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=1915&start=30#p62930"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 cookbook template}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  made by Anael of }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://scriptapart.wordpress.com/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 ScriptApart}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 , the colour-coded \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Time\u8221\'94 labelling system allows you to set and see at a glance the estimated total prep and cook time for any recipe, starting with quick cool green up through the longer warmer reds. (New documents are blank by default.) By default, document icons and index cards are set to display the time label colour; you can change this in the View > Use Time Color In submenu.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Keywords}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Keywords help you search for recipes by providing additional information not included in the recipe or its synopsis and make it easy to view a group of related recipes. Example cooking method, diet and allergen labels, dish ethnicity, seasons, and a few holidays have been included; adjust the colours and delete or add to these as you find useful.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0 Custom Meta-data}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Record basic author and publication information in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93source\u8221\'94 field and use \u8220\'93recommended by\u8221\'94 to note who (if anyone) suggested the recipe to you. (In some cases the source and recommended by might be the same, for instance an old family recipe. Use whichever makes sense or both\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s just a tool to help you find your recipes quickly and easily.) Though you may want to include the issue date in the \u8220\'93source\u8221\'94 category (e.g. Cooking Light, July 2010), \u8220\'93seasonal\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93holiday\u8221\'94 keywords can also help you find recipes that you remember vaguely as \u8220\'93it was in the Christmas issue!\u8221\'94 To keep the \u8220\'93source\u8221\'94 column easy to skim, you can include full bibliography information in the separate \u8220\'93publication info\u8221\'94 field or link to such (externally or internally) in the document reference pane.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf3
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Use the fields for calories, fat, and fiber per serving if you (or your recipes) track that information and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d like to have an easy way to see the numbers when looking at a group of recipes in the Outliner. You may prefer to keep this information only in the body of the text or in the synopsis, or you may find you have other needs to replace these.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf3
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Synopsis}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Use the synopsis to write a brief description of the dish and any other information you want immediately visible in Corkboard mode, e.g. the yield or specific prep and cook time. Coloured time labels, rating information, and meta-data including keywords can provide additional information without taking up space in the synopsis (though custom meta-data like \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93source\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93recommended by\u8221\'94 will not be visible in Corkboard mode except via the Inspector). If you find an image is worth fifty or so words, switch this to display a photo of your dish.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Document Notes}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Include a photo of the dish, if you have one available and choose not to place it in the synopsis field, and make comments on the preparation, the taste of the dish, serving suggestions, and other \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93margin notes\u8221\'94 you might write in a cookbook.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Be aware that document notes will not export in a single file with the main text, so if, for example, you use the export feature to get your recipes into the kitchen on your mobile device, you should make any notes you want available directly in the main text.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Collections}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Create Collections for quick access to groups of recipes you frequent: collate all the vegetarian entr\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u233\'E9es, the low-carb dishes, your family\u8217\'92s favourite meals, or the \u8220\'93five ingredients or less\u8221\'94 recipes that you can pull together when your pantry is empty.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Search}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Pull up recipes by ingredient or search for keywords, sources and any notes you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve made to yourself.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Compiling}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The template\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s default compile settings indent subdocuments in an outline style and include meta-data, synopsis, and notes for Recipe documents while stripping comments and inline annotations for a cleaner appearance; editor formatting is not overridden in order to preserve indented ingredient lists. As with the rest of the template, modify this to your needs.}}